Throughout the project I used Copilot to assist in the process in order to learn how to ethically use AI tools. At the start I made a base code I knew I wanted to use as a reference despite knowing there were likely bugs. Afterwards, I used comments as promts to ensure the Copilot knew what the end goal of that portion of code was meant to be. I used the Copliot in two seperate sections to assist with the project. Copilot assisted with removing whitespaces and renaming qty to quantity. 

In order to ensure the use of Copilot AI was ethical, I didn't take the result of Copilot as the final format. There were two seperate pieces of code I realized that Copilot formatted differently from the inital code written. For the first section I used Copliot on, I was renamaing the qty column to quantity. When I first put it into the system, it showed qty twice instead of renaming the function to the new name. First, I corrected the lack of the new name by inserting "quantity". Second, I added the preemtive "If" statement in order for the code to know where to the renaming was occuring. The second section I used Copilot was for removing whitespaces. Originally, I did not have this section of code in my prewritten reference code. After Copilot generated an efficient code sample based on my comment, I renamed the iteration variable to col as in column. This created a more logically sound format when reading the code. 

Throughout the project, I learned plenty about data cleaning with the helpful with of Copilot as a tool. I learned how to connect raw data with a data cleaning python file in visual studio code. I learned how to properly comment as a promt to ensure that Copilot know the goal for the section of the project. Lastly, I learned how to create a repository setup. In the end, Copilot comes with many strengths and weaknesses. As a strength, Copilot can assist with coding sections when the user may not know the formatting needed to reach their end goal and save time overall. Copilot was able to create a section of code that efficiently removed whitespace from the raw data with little prompting information. This made the step must faster and easier to debug if any problems were to go wrong. On the other hand, a weakness of Copilot is the small mistakes it can make along the way. For example, during the project, Copilot did not rename the column properly like the comment prompted. The mistake made me need to review the code to find the error. For larger projects, it may increase the time overall. 